Fight Club;The things you own end up owning you.;It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.;You are not your job.;You're the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the world.; The first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club;Listen up, maggots. You are not special. You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake. You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else.;On a long enough timeline, the survival for everyone drops to zero.;Now, a question of etiquette - as I pass, do I give you the ass or the crotch?;That's, um... That's an interesting theory.;We're a generation of men raised by women. I'm wondering if another woman is really the answer we need.;You met me at a very strange time in my life.;I am Jack's smirking revenge.;You just want me to hit you?;I haven't been fucked like this since gradeschool.; I want you to hit me as hard as you can; The first rule of Project Mayhem is that you do not ask questions.;This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time;I am Jack's inflamed sense of rejection.;His name is Robert Paulson;
The Princess Bride;PrincessBride;Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.;Inconeivable.;You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.;Life is pain, Highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something;Anyone want a peanut;I promise I will not kill you until you reach the top.;Drop... your... sword!;We are men of action, lies do not become us.;Let me put it this way. Have you heard of Plato, Aristotle, Socrates? Morons.;Good night, Westley. Good work. Sleep well. I'll most likely kill you in the morning.;I do not mean to pry, but you don't by any chance happen to have six fingers on your right hand? Do you always begin conversations this way?;You're trying to kidnap what I've rightfully stolen;You know, Fezzik, you finally did something right. I won't let it get to my head;As you wish.;Please consider me as an alternative to suicide.;They're kissing again. Do we have to read the kissing parts?;Have fun storming the castle!;I hate waiting.
Dumb and Dumber;Hey, you wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world?;Just when I thought you couldn't possibly be any dumber, you go and do something like this... and totally redeem yourself!;Mary... I desperately wanna make love to a school boy.;Oh, I don't know, Lloyd. The French are assholes.;What's the matter, Har? Some little filly break your heart? No, it was a girl;Sir, you can't go in there! It's ok, I'm a limo driver!;Suck me sideways;you can't triple stamp a double stamp, you can't triple stamp a double stamp! Lloyd!;Nice set of hooters you got there!;Tell her I'm rich, and I'm good looking, and I have a rapist's wit.;The first time I set eyes on Mary Swanson, I just got that old fashioned romantic feeling where I'd do anything to bone her.;It's a cardigan but thanks for noticing.
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl;But you have heard of me.;This is the day you will always remember as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow!;Not all treasure is silver and gold, mate.;You burned all the food, the shade... the rum.; But why is the rum gone?;When you marooned me on that god forsaken spit of land, you forgot one very important thing, mate: I'm Captain Jack Sparrow.; Now... bring me that horizon. And really bad eggs. Drink up me 'earties. Yo ho.;I think we've all arrived at a very special place. Spiritually, ecumenically, grammatically.;A wedding? I love weddings. Drinks all around!; If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it.;No one. He's no one. Distant cousin of my aunt's nephew twice removed. Lovely singing voice. Eunuch.;Do us a favor... I know it's difficult for you... but please, stay here, and try not to do anything... stupid.;You're off the edge of the map, mate. Here there be monsters.;That is, without doubt, the worst pirate I've ever seen.;This is either brilliance, or insanity!;It's amazing how often those two traits coincide.
Airplane!;No, I've been nervous lots of times.;No, thank you, I take it black, like my men.;Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue.;You ever seen a grown man naked?;Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit drinking.;Joey, have you ever been in a Turkish prison?;No wonder you're upset. She's lovely. And a darling figure... supple, pouting breasts... firm thighs. It's a shame you two don't get along.;By the way, is there anyone on board who knows how to fly a plane?;They bought their tickets, they knew what they were getting into. I say, let 'em crash.; Get that finger out of your ear! You don't know where that finger's been!;Joey, you like movies about gladiators?;It was a rough place - the seediest dive on the wharf. Populated with every reject and cutthroat from Bombay to Calcutta. It's worse than Detroit.;I haven't felt this awful since we saw that Ronald Reagan film.;No... that's just what they'll be expecting us to do!;I am serious and don't call me Shirley.
2001: A Space Odyssey;Open the pod bay doors, HAL.; I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.;I think you know what the problem is just as well as I do.;I am putting myself to the fullest possible use, which is all I think that any conscious entity can ever hope to do.;Just what do you think you're doing, Dave?;Look Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over.;It can only be attributable to human error.;That's a very nice rendering, Dave.
Kindergarten Cop;I'm the party pooper.;No more complaining. No more "Mr. Kimble, I have to go the bathroom". Nothing!;There is no bathroom!;We're going to play a wonderful game called... "Who is my daddy and what does he do?";Our mom says our dad is a real sex machine.;It might be a tumor.;It's not a tumor! It's not a tumor. At all!;You know, kindergarten is like the ocean. You don't want to turn your back on it.;Boys have a penis, and girls have a vagina.;They're like little terrorists.;I'm a cop you idiot! I'm detective John Kimble!;Who is your daddy and what does he do?
Zombieland;Who's Bill Murray?; Oh, my God. Oh, my God, I can't believe I shot Bill Murray.;Time to nut up or shut up!;I hate coconut. Not the taste, consistency.;Goddamn it, Bill fucking Murray!; I've been watching you since I was like... Since I could masturbate. I mean, not that they're connected.; The first girl I let into my life and she tries to eat me.; I mean, that's like asking who Gandhi is.;Bill Murray, you're a zombie?;
Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope;You don't need to see his identification.;Use the Force, Luke.;Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.; I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.;Mos Eisley spaceport: You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.;The Force is strong with this one.;The Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together.;Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?;That's no moon. It's a space station.;I find your lack of faith disturbing.;We seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life.;I have you now!;Obi-Wan Kenobi. Obi-Wan... Now, that's a name I've not heard in a long time. A long time;Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi; you're my only hope.;For over a thousand generations, the Jedi knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the old Republic... before the dark times... before the empire.;The Force can have a strong influence on the weak-minded.;Your powers are weak, old man.;I'm not such a bad pilot myself.;What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it?;Look at the size of that thing!; I think it is time we demonstrated the full power of this station.;
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back;I love you. I know.;Who's scruffy-looking?;There is no try;Size matters not.;I don't believe you. That is why you fail.;Impressive. Most impressive. Obi-Wan has taught you well.;They'd be crazy to follow us, wouldn't they?; Scoundrel? Scoundrel? I like the sound of that.;You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough scoundrels in your life.;Why, you slimy, double-crossing, no-good swindler.;Your weapons, you will not need them.;He's quite clever, you know... for a human being.;No, no, there is no why.;No time to discuss this as a committee.; All too easy.;No, I am your father!;Don't make me destroy you.;Laugh it up, fuzz ball.;He's no good to me dead.;And I thought they smelled bad....on the outside.;
Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi;Your thoughts betray you, Father. I feel the good in you, the conflict.;You underestimate the power of the Dark Side.;Your overconfidence is your weakness. Your faith in your friends is yours.;I am a Jedi, like my father before me.;You rebel scum.;Obi-Wan has taught you well.;I see you have constructed a new light saber. Your skills are complete. Indeed you are powerful as the Emperor has foreseen.;It's a trap!;Good. Use your aggressive feelings, boy. Let the hate flow through you.;You may have been a good smuggler, but now you're Bantha fodder.;As you can see, my young apprentice, your friends have failed. Now witness the firepower of this fully ARMED and OPERATIONAL battle station!; You cannot hide forever, Luke.;Strike me down with all of your hatred and your journey towards the dark side will be complete!;When 900 year old you reach, look as good you will not.;What is thy bidding, my master?
Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy;And I'm Ron Burgundy. Go fuck yourself, San Diego.;Last time I looked in the dictionary, my name's Ron Burgundy. What's your name?;I don't know what we're yelling about.;You stay classy, San Diego. I'm Ron Burgundy?;Good night, I'm Ron Burgundy. Go fuck yourself San Diego.;Brick, where did you get a hand grenade?;I have a nick name for my penis.;Don't you know I'd never say fuck. Fuck.;Where'd you get your clothes... from the... toilet store?;I don't know how to put this but I'm kind of a big deal.;I'm very important. I have many leather-bound books and my apartment smells of rich mahogany.;It's so damn hot... milk was a bad choice.;You stay classy, San Diego.;I'm in a glass case of emotion.;Why don't you go back to your home on whore island?;I love lamp.;It is anchorman, not anchorlady! And that is a scientific fact!;Whale's vagina.;Boy... that escalated quickly;They've done studies, you know. 60% of the time, it works every time.;Mmmmm... I look good. I mean really good.;Hope I'm not disturbing you, but, uh, I saw you from across the party, and, uh, I don't usually do this, but I felt compelled to tell you something. You have an absolutely breathtaking heinie.;You're so wise. You're like a miniature Buddha, covered in hair.;
Back to the Future;Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?;The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car, why not do it with some style?;If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 miles per hour... you're gonna see some serious shit.;Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads.;So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.;I'm George. George McFly. I'm your density. I mean, your destiny.;Weight has nothing to do with it.;This is heavy.;Since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So, why don't you make like a tree and get outta here?;1.21 gigawatts! 1.21 gigawatts. Great Scott! What-what the hell is a gigawatt?;Let's see if you bastards can do 90.;
The Dark Knight;You're garbage who kills for money.;It's simple. We, uh, kill the Batman.;If you're good at something, never do it for free.;Because he's the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now. So we'll hunt him. Because he can take it. Because he's not our hero. He's a silent guardian. A watchful protector. A Dark Knight.;You wanna know how I got these scars?;Why so serious?;Never start with the head. The victim gets all fuzzy. He can't feel the next...;But when I say that one little old mayor will die, well then everyone loses their minds!;Introduce a little anarchy. Upset the established order, and everything becomes chaos. I'm an agent of chaos. Oh, and you know the thing about chaos? It's fair!;Some men just want to watch the world burn.;Let's put a smile on that face!;I believe whatever doesn't kill you, simply makes you... stranger.;You see, madness, as you know, is like gravity. All it takes is a little push!;Is it the scars? You want to know how I got them?;Where are they?;You have nothing, nothing to threaten me with! Nothing to do with all your strength!;Sometimes the truth isn't good enough, sometimes people deserve more.;Okay, fine. you either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.;You thought we could be decent men in an indecent time.;All you care about is money. This city deserves a better class of criminal. And I'm gonna give it to them!;Do I really look like a guy with a plan?;That deep down, everyone's as ugly as you? You're alone!;It's not about what I want, it's about what's fair!;I'm not wearing hockey pads!;I kill the bus driver.;I'm gonna make this pencil disappear.; Do you have any idea who you're stealing from? You and your friends are dead!;
Batman Begins;I won't kill you. But I don't have to save you.;If someone stands in the way of true justice... you simply walk up behind them and stab them in the heart.;Where were the other drugs going?;Do I look like a cop?;What is the point of all those push-ups if you can't even lift a bloody log?;You never learned to mind your surroundings!;You look like a man who takes himself too seriously.;Do you want my opinion? You need to lighten up.;Justice is balance. You burned my house and left me for dead. Consider us even.;Criminals thrive on the indulgence of society's understanding.;You haven't beaten me. You've sacrificed sure footing for a killing stroke.;
American Pie;Well, they're safer than a tube sock...;Suck me beautiful.;You realize we're all going to go to college as virgins. They probably have special dorms for people like us.;No longer will our penises remain flaccid and unused! From now on, we fight for every man out there who isn't getting laid when he should be! This is our day! This is our time! And, by God, we're not gonna let history condemn us to celibacy! We will make a stand! We will succeed! We will get laid!;She's gone! Oh my God, she used me. I was used. I was used! Cool!;God bless the internet.;I would like to make an announcement. There is a gorgeous woman masturbating on my bed.;
The Matrix;What truth? There is no spoon.;Then you'll see, that it is not the spoon that bends, it is only yourself.;Human beings are a disease, a cancer of this planet. You're a plague and we are the cure.;Never send a human to do a machine's job.;To deny our own impulses is to deny the very thing that makes us human.;You have to let it all go, Neo. Fear, doubt, and disbelief. Free your mind.;Neo, sooner or later you're going to realize just as I did that there's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.;A world where anything is possible. Where we go from there is a choice I leave to you.;So what do you need? Besides a miracle. Guns. Lots of guns.;You hear that Mr. Anderson?... That is the sound of inevitability... It is the sound of your death... Goodbye, Mr. Anderson...;I'm trying to free your mind, Neo. But I can only show you the door. You're the one that has to walk through it.;Welcome to the desert of the real.;You've been living in a dream world, Neo.;Am I dead? Far from it.;If real is what you can feel, smell, taste and see, then 'real' is simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain.;
Braveheart;And dying in your beds, many years from now, would you be willing to trade ALL the days, from this day to that, for one chance, just one chance, to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take... OUR FREEDOM!;Every man dies, not every man really lives.;It's all for nothing if you don't have freedom.;Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.;The prisoner wishes to say a word. Freedom!;We all end up dead, it's just a question of how and why.;
Pulp Fiction;Does he look like a bitch?;English, motherfucker, do you speak it?;Zed's dead, baby. Zed's dead.;Any of you fucking pricks move, and I'll execute every motherfucking last one of ya!;Any of you fucking pricks move, and I'll execute every motherfucking last one of you!;When you came pulling in here, did you notice a sign out in front of my house that said "Dead Nigger Storage"?;Naw man. I'm pretty fuckin' far from okay.;Pride only hurts, it never helps.;If my answers frighten you then you should cease asking scary questions.;Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast. What kind of hamburgers?;That is a tasty burger.;It's the one that says Bad Motherfucker.;Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go home and have a heart attack.;That's thirty minutes away. I'll be there in ten.;Oh man, I shot Marvin in the face.;
Monty Python and the Holy Grail;What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?;An African or European swallow?; Well, you have to know these things when you're a king, you know.;You empty-headed animal food trough wiper! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!;Tell me. What do you do with witches? Burn them.;And what do you burn, apart from witches? More witches.;If she weighed the same as a duck... she's made of wood.;'Tis but a scratch.;A scratch? Your arm's off.;I am your king. Well, I didn't vote for you.;Listen, strange women lyin' in ponds distributin' swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.;Yes, you were. You were in terrible peril.;You've got two empty halves of coconut and you're bangin' them together.;Where'd you get the coconuts?;The swallow may fly south with the sun or the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land?;It's not a question of where he grips it! It's a simple question of weight ratios! A five ounce bird could not carry a one pound coconut.; Listen. In order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings forty-three times every second, right?;Come and see the violence inherent in the system. Help, I'm being repressed!;Oh, what a giveaway! Did you hear that? Did you hear that, eh? That's what I'm on about! Did you see him repressing me? You saw him, didn't you?;We are now no longer the Knights who say Ni.;What makes you think she's a witch?;Well, she turned me into a newt!;Oh, but you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you.;You don't frighten us, English pig dogs. Go and boil your bottoms, you sons of a silly person. I blow my nose at you, so-called "Arthur King," you and all your silly English Knights.;He hasn't got shit all over him.;I'm French. Why do you think I have this outrageous accent, you silly king?;Well, that's no ordinary rabbit.;That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you ever set eyes on!;You tit! I soiled my armor I was so scared!;He's got huge, sharp... er... He can leap about. Look at the bones!;Right! Silly little bleeder. One rabbit stew comin' right up!;Guards, make sure the prince doesn't leave this room until I come and get him.;Until you come and get him, we're not to enter the room.;Look, it's quite simple. You just stay here, and make sure he doesn't leave the room. All right?;Oh, I remember, uh, can he leave the room with us?;I thought you meant him. You know, it seemed a bit daft me I were to guard him when he's a guard.;Well, I'll ask him, but I don't think he will be very keen. Uh, he's already got one, you see.;He said they've already got one!;It's only a model!;Bring out your dead.;Well, can you hang around for a couple of minutes? He won't be long.;All right, we'll call it a draw.;Oh, oh, I see! Running away, eh? You yellow bastards! Come back here and take what's coming to you! I'll bite your legs off!;What are you gonna do, bleed on me?;Well, we all are. We are all Britons. And I am your king.;You're foolin' yourself! We're living in a dictatorship. A self-perpetuating autocracy in which the working class...;I told you, we're an anarcho-syndicalist commune. We take it in turns to be a sort of executive officer for the week...;Order, eh? Who does he think he is?;Man, sorry. What knight lives in that castle over there?;What I object to is you automatically treat me like an inferior.;Oh, king eh? Very nice. And how'd you get that, eh? By exploiting the workers. By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society.;There are some who call me... Tim.;You make me sad. So be it. Come, Patsy!;Look, you stupid bastard. You've got no arms left!;Don't like her? What's wrong with her? She's beautiful, she's rich, she's got huge... tracts of land.; I warned you, but did you listen to me? Oh, no, you knew, didn't you? Oh, it's just a harmless little bunny, isn't it?;What an eccentric performance.;You must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest... WITH... A HERRING!;Are you saying Ni to that old woman?;oh, what sad times are these when passing ruffians can say Ni at will to old ladies. There is a pestilence upon this land, nothing is sacred. Even those who arrange and design shrubberies are under considerable economic stress in this period in history.;You don't frighten us with your silly knees-bent running around advancing behavior!;On second thought, let's not go to Camelot. It is a silly place.;What a strange person.;Well, we'll not risk another frontal assault. That rabbit's dynamite.;Every time I try to talk to someone it's "sorry this" and "forgive me that" and "I'm not worthy"...;Would it help to confuse it if we run away more?;Oh shut up and go and change your armour.;Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!;What are you going to do, bleed on me?;Just a flesh wound.;And after the spanking, the oral sex!